# Set Up and Launch the Game in Docker

## Overview of Script Functionality

- The container runs the 2048 application included in the image `sasuke3/2048:latest`.
- The graphical data generated by the application inside the container is redirected to the X server (Xming for Windows and XQuartz for macOS) running on the host via the `DISPLAY` variable.
- The 2048 game should open in a graphical window on the Windows/macOS desktop, redirected through Xming/XQuartz.
- Once you close the application, the Docker container will automatically stop.

### On macOS (XQuartz)
On macOS, the script uses Homebrew as a package manager to handle installations.  
The script installs and configures XQuartz to work with the Docker application.

#### Prerequisites
- Ensure Docker is already installed on your system before running the script.
- Homebrew: It is preferable to have Homebrew already installed and properly configured on your macOS before running this script. If Homebrew is not installed, the script will automatically download and install it.
  Homebrew will be installed in `/opt/homebrew` on Macs using Apple Silicon architecture (M1/M2), and on Intel-based Macs, it will be installed in `/usr/local`.
- XQuartz: If you already have a manually installed version of XQuartz (outside of Homebrew),
  the script will not detect it and will install a new instance of XQuartz via Homebrew. All installations are handled via Homebrew for simplicity.

Open a terminal and run the following commands:

1. Make the script executable:

```bash
chmod +x Open_Docker_MacOS.sh
```
2. Run the script :

``` bash
./Open_Docker_MacOS.sh
```

### On Windows (Xming)
On Windows, the script uses Chocolatey as a package manager to handle installations.
The script installs and configures Xming to work with the Docker application.

#### Prerequisites
- Ensure Docker is already installed on your system before running the script.

Open PowerShell as an administrator and run the following commands :

1. To allow unsigned scripts to run, lift the restriction on Windows 8/10/11:

``` bash
Set-ExecutionPolicy Unrestricted -Scope CurrentUser -Force
```
2. Run the script :

``` bash
.\Open_Docker_WinOS.ps1
```

